 Thank you very much. Glad to be here. Thank you for the huge turnout. My name is Junos Oltscher. I started my career at Goldman working there at investment banking. And then similar to Mohamed, I've been working decade plus in the public markets, investing in public equities. Similar to Mohamed as well, as you can see from my hair as well. I'm also born in Germany. I'm sixth generation German, so a bit longer than Mohamed. So let's jump into what Neue LFG is and what we're trying to achieve here. With Neue LFG, what we aim to deliver is 20% plus returns over a three-year rolling period. That's our aim, what we're trying to achieve. And the three-year rolling period is obviously an arbitrary timeline, but how you should think about why we're saying on a three-year rolling basis. I want you to think about two snowballs, and getting back to the analogy Jerome started, about two snowballs at the top of a hill. One is rolling faster than the other one, but it's rolling down a shorter hill. And the other one, the second one, is rolling slower, but rolling down a much longer hill. And the hill represents the time, right? So at the end, once both end up at the bottom of their respective fields, the one which is going rolling down slower will be a much larger snowball. So from our perspective, what we're trying to say here is you have to be in the market for a long period of time to compound and to achieve those returns, what we're aiming to achieve of 20% plus. And to emphasize this point is people usually talk about and say public markets have returned somewhere around like 10%, 9% plus over a hundred-year period. But that is true if you have been invested from the beginning to the end for a hundred years. In between, we're at the world war, we're at the global financial crisis, we're at COVID. So it's not that in each and every year, every investor has achieved those 10%, right? So you have to look at it from a wider timeframe perspective. I just leave this to you. Yeah, what we want to emphasize here really is everybody talks about those 60-40 portfolios. I'm sure you're familiar, 60% in equities, 40% in bonds, and that should give you a nice return in most market environments, right? What people don't talk about, if you look at the last century, there is significant periods that you can see in the gray shaded areas of 10 years plus each that are now called the lost decades. Basically, the periods where nothing worked, neither of them worked, so to say. And then you lost the decade where you ended up making pretty much nothing, almost no return, basically, compared to other assets at least, right? So what we are looking at, again, this is again all our own internal analysis, having come out of a 15-year pretty much uninterrupted bull run since 2008, the global financial crisis, we're asking ourselves the question, could it be that we are at the precipice of another lost decade? Is it possible that we, that we, you know, as we all just got used to having 20% returns in equity markets, could it be that we're wrong and that we will have, we're just at the start of a lost decade, right? And given how this year has started and given the end of the exceptionalism, so to say, of the United States, I think there is a lot of investors now that are asking, starting to ask this question as well, because we're going into a more erratic environment. It feels like that at least. So, and there is certain, so if you, if you think of it that way on the next slide, you know, if you look at now at the beginning of the year, it's very interesting what has happened. This is just an illustration, but these are real numbers, right? If you look at what happened is the Magnificent Seven, basically the largest cap companies that you all know, the Googles, Apples, Amazons, Metas of this world, they're actually the ones that since the beginning of the year have fallen the most, basically, which is quite odd, given what you would normally expect, given their anti-fragile business model, so to say, right? So, and while you have had that, you have actually things like gold and other assets actually performed quite well in this current environment. So, what we are basically looking at, and we're saying if we are in that lost decade environment, as someone that wants to, like Yunus said, with the snowball effect, that wants to stay in markets, what do you really do then, basically, right? And we believe we, we believe, we feel as investors ourselves, extremely comfortable with what we have because of the following that you will see on the next slide, because of exactly that. What you see in the news is what is being told to us is this, that's the 5 to 95 percentile range of Nasdaq 100's valuation parameters, right? It's the PE ratio. The blue box is the 25 to 75 percentile, so it's the most likely scenario of where the valuation is going to be, whereas the bar is the 20-year average. So, in 20-year average, Nasdaq has been trading on 20 times earnings, basically, right? And the probabilities are the two areas. Right now, we're at around 24 times. That's obviously, for anyone that looks at it over a long horizon, clearly says that's expensive, basically, right? But now, if you look at the overall market, though, and if you now break it down to the Russell 2000, which is the 2000 smallest companies in the US, if you take the and then you take them equal weight, you adjust for the large caps in the S&P 500, or even you take at the mid caps, their picture changes significantly, right? Have a look at the mid caps. Now, all of a sudden, you're at the bottom of the 25 percentile, and you're actually at a discount versus the 20-year average. And that's where you are currently at 14 times. So, not only are your 10 multiple point different to where the Nasdaq trades, but also you're actually at a discount to its own historical average, basically. And that's really where we want to be. That's really where we want to play right now. And we want to look for those winners. And you know, it will go in and what type of characteristics we look at. And that's why we actually feel comfortable to be in an environment where the market absolute can fall. And we've proven it year to date as well. LFG is up mid to high single digits year to date, while the indices are down between five and whatever 15 percent, basically. Right. So that's really the message I wanted to make sure to bring across to you need to know what you do in the markets and you need to know where you want to focus on basically. And this is what Mo has here presented. And what is shown here is the valuation on a relative basis of the indices, right? Like this is S&P mid cap relative to its own historical valuation. Now, building on that logic and on that idea, you see here on the the dark blue line are the small caps. The light gray one are the large caps. And you see the ratio here. And what you see is that this is the dot com bubble, pre the dot com bubble. What you see here is that the large caps have that you had some large caps, which had a massive valuation and the small caps have been, you know, like left the site. And you see that the ratio to of large cap valuation versus versus a small cap valuation has been at the low point. After the global after the dot com bubble, we have seen a catch up and that ratio has changed to zero point seven. Since then, from 2008 onwards from the global financial crisis, it's almost two decades now, or like a decade and a half where this has been coming down again back to the same ratio we've been seeing at the dot com bubble. And what we're trying to tell you is Neue LFG has been established here, taking advantage of this revaluation, so to speak of what Mo has explained where the small caps are trading at a low valuation on their own historical basis, but also on a relative basis to large caps. And that's the idea of LFG playing this catch up effectively. And let's be clear, right? This is not something guys that will disappear and that will correct itself in three months or in six months or in two years. This is a decade, right? This is multiple decades. Now you have you have from 08 to 2024. Before that, you have it from 2000 to 2008. This takes a long time for people to decide to go from one part of the market to the other part of the market. And now I want you to also envision you have around 15 trillion in the large caps, right? So you have 15 trillion because Apple alone is on the fourth is a four trillion company, right? So if you take those humongous numbers and you would say that 10, 20, 30 percent of that has to go out and go into the small caps, or at least into the mid caps, you are having you're talking significant multiple expansion that we might see because so much money needs to go and find new avenues for new growth, for new returns basically and in your home. Exactly. So having said all of that, what are we doing as NOE LFG? What is our sweet spot? And how do we look at the small cap and mid cap market? We divide this into like three elements. You know, obviously we're trying to like simplify it as much as possible. But one area of what we look at is obviously the business itself. So when we look at the typical area with sector agnostic, but the typical type of company we look at has had somewhere like 200 to 500 million of revenue over the last three years. Currently, they have a billion to two billion of revenue, are profitable and have a clean balance sheet. And what we're seeing is what we want to when we look at these companies, we're looking at can they go from a one to two billion revenue to five billion revenue and become like a sector winner within their own sector of what we call internally next decade winners, right? Like, so effectively trying to find the Netflix from 10 years ago. Most of these companies we've invested in are founder led. So it's like a key element, which we value quite highly, where the founders also own a large stake in the business. And we look obviously at a good corporate governance aside of that. And the last element is that's the piece, the opportunistic piece that was mentioned by Jerome, although we have a long term view on things, and we'll go into examples later on, we obviously look to take advantage of the market volatility when we see it when the market is, you know, oversold or overstretched to the after when we see like local peaks, so to speak. And this is obviously the sub this may sound very theoretical, but this is an actual letter of a company of telematics car insurance company we have invested in, which is currently in our portfolio. This is the actual shareholder letter. And it really mirrors the view how we look at things. The management is talking about certain aspects of their business, how it was 10 years ago, and that they're really at the beginning of their growth of their respective market and like the term and what they're seeing, what they can capture. And this is very important for us. It's not really, it's not theoretical what we look at. We're looking at companies, we really mirror the view how we look at things. And those are the companies we also investing in. So this is obviously on a company level, but how do we look at it from a portfolio construction level, we have fairly concentrated, we're running a fairly concentrated portfolio where eight to 10, eight to 12 names make up around two thirds of our portfolio. The reason behind that is once we have done the analytical work and the understanding of the company, we are fairly happy to have a large position in those companies. And it also gets back to the point, the contrary, or the other side of the coin would be if we would have 20 or 30 names, it's very highly unlikely that all of these 20, 30 names will work at the same time. So you effectively own the market, and it's very hard to do outsize idiosyncratic returns and outperform the market. So that's the idea behind the reason behind the high concentration. How do we think where we can create value in this? It's two elements. One is that obviously because of these companies are growing, the intrinsic value of the company is changing. And the second bit is that the market is correcting itself, which goes back to the point Moaz mentioned, that the valuation, the multiple the market is applying to those small caps is going to change in our view. Now, how has that translated itself in the actual portfolio since inception? We have started, as mentioned, back in April 2024, we have achieved 23% returns since then, while the Russell 2000, the small cap index, at the same time has been down 6%. So it gives you an idea about while the market can be down, that you can achieve through right portfolio management and picking the right names that you can achieve outsize returns and consistently outperform the market. Two things I just want to show you, which I'm personally proud about, are like the points where when the market is down significantly, that we have not shown the same correlation to the market. Yeah, I just wanted to jump in here, everyone. Obviously, this like I've been in the markets for 20 years since 2004, literally 20 years. And this, if you would show this to anybody, this is literally like ridiculous. Like honestly, this is ridiculous. I'm not saying we, I mean, obviously there is a certain part of it that is luck. We had a good run basically, but it's just the beginning of where we are and where we started basically. And this is us starting to work together, us starting to see how we would run the portfolio, etc. But when you go through in a minute of how we've achieved that, you will see that you can't achieve that by just picking it and then sitting on the names by itself, because obviously things correct each other all the time. If a stock is up 5X while the index is up 10%, guess what? There are sellers coming in that want to take profits basically, right? So it's really unbelievable. And we're quite proud of having such a strong start. We internally didn't think we would be able to produce anything above 10% basically, right? In the market of the index. But it's really, we're proud to see that we had such a strong start. And we can see now that in this market, because the focus is so much onto the large caps, onto those few names, which with all these apps that have come out, etc. Everybody's just promoting 15 stocks, basically, right? I mean, everybody, the Robinhood apps, all the new financial service station apps. Now we're in Dubai, everybody has started the same in India. The whole of India now started to invest in the US stock market. And they all have a Robinhood, there's a Robinhood app in India, similar to a Robinhood app. It has 8 million customers. The founder tells me he's going to have 800 million customers. And the only thing they promote is 15 stocks in the US. They have Netflix, Amazon, Tesla, the usual basically, right? So it's quite an interesting field for us. And we're quite excited about this product over the medium term now. And Eunice will go into it now. Now, obviously, these returns 23%, you're asking yourself, how has this been achieved? And there are a couple of metrics I want to highlight how we achieved and how we traded this. One number we are very proud of is like that 40% of the P&L we have done is locked in P&L. That means we have the performance of the 23%. What we have done is situations where we have either exited or took profit in those situations. The second aspect that is quite important here, which we emphasize quite a lot now is around the opportunistic nature. We have turned around the portfolio around 20 times since inception. So although we have like the long term view on things, and we understand we invest in companies with a two, three year horizon, every time we see an overextension in the market, either being overbought or oversold, so to speak, we take advantage of these situations. And we'll go into more detail than that and showing this with two examples. And the last bit, which should not be missed, we've achieved those returns of 23% with a 40% net exposure to the market. So if you would assume 100% exposure to market, that would be a 50% plus return compared to the indices of minus 6%. So when you just talks about the 20 times return turnover of the portfolio, don't think that you will get the investor letter. And then it will talk every quarter about 10 different, completely different names. It doesn't, you can turn the portfolio around while still sticking to your names. What that means is you invest in a stock and the stock is a 10% position. It goes up 50%. It becomes a 15% position. Right? Now we take profits, let's say 30%. We drop it down to a 12% position, or we drop it down to an 8% position. Now you have traded the portfolio, but you still own the same name. Right? So don't think of this that we have turned the portfolio around with new ideas constantly 20 times in a year. Then you're not an investor. Then you're just a trader. We are investors. We own the businesses. We look at ourselves as shareholders with the founders in the business, basically, really thinking of this from a family ownership perspective. Right? But we trade the names and you know, we'll go into this now. Exactly. So again, this is a very important point to make that it would have been a much higher return. And the reason why we have been at 40%, we've been looking at the overall market in a very cautious way, right? Like we wanted to be, was start of a new fund and we were looking at it very cautiously of the overall market and with the you know, elections, obviously in the US happening as well. So last but not least, having spoken about all of these, you know, theoretical how we look at the companies, how we look at the markets and what kind of returns we achieved, we wanted to go into two names of two winners in our portfolio to explain to you how we have achieved it and what kind of companies we look at. The first company is called HimsenHers. It's a telehealth company in the US that is kind of transforming the US healthcare market from their perspective. Before going into the idea, but then to the company, why we like this name, I wanted to also emphasize how we found this name. So when we started the fund, we were screening names and trying to identify interesting companies and we looked at 6,000 specs that came post-COVID and IPO during the period of 2020 to 2022. If some of you might remember, the spec period was where a lot of companies in the US were, you know, brought to the public markets. And we looked at 6,000 companies and looked at what did they say during the IPO, before the IPO, in terms of their revenue and the profitability that they want to achieve and what did they actually achieve. And at the same time, looked at how many of these stocks is where the share price has dropped by 62 or more percent, 60, 80 or 90 percent. And we found a handful of companies where the share price dropped significantly, but the underlying business has done tremendously well. And HimsenHers was one of them. So this company is operating in the entire market in the US. Despite offering their products with an 80 percent discount to the incumbents, they still have an 80 percent gross margin and growing last year, 80 percent and continue to grow 40, 50 percent this year and the years after. That's the kind of a business that is free cash flow positive that makes us exciting at the previous relation, but even now. So this is the business, but then how did we trade it? And this comes to the point of what was what we explained. We got involved into into Hims early on in May 24, around $10. If we would have held the stock from $10 to right now, it's around 30, 35 dollars, we would have made $25 per share roughly. But we took advantage of the local peaks, what we, oh sorry, wrong button, HimsenHers, here we go, of the local peaks where we fully even exited or reduced the position and then re-entered again. And did this, you know, two times in the stock and we re-entered it again. That, and you're asking yourself, what's the outcome of that? The outcome of that is on a dollar by dollar basis, we have done a 2x higher return than if we would have just held the stock from $10 to $35. That's that kind of the opportunistic aspect we're trying to explain. Now another example is CoreScientific. This is a company that came out of bankruptcy early early 2024, had filed chapter 11 and the debt holders converted their debt into equity. And they were a bitcoin miner, and they're still a bitcoin miner, they were mining bitcoin. But when we looked at why we got interested in this company was, we were looking at the overall AI market and we were mapping the overall AI market for us. And we tried to find ways to benefit from the AI craze, so to speak, but we didn't want to pay the 30, 50 times multiples where Nvidia and all the other overhyped AI stocks were trading. The interesting thing on this name was because of the infrastructure they had and the energy they had contracted, their infrastructure was able to be used also for HPC, which is high performance computing for AI learning and AI computing. So we were looking at it, we were buying it cheaper than other bitcoin miners and we were getting the HPC AI aspect for free, so to speak. We bought the stock, again same dynamic as in HIMS, we entered into the name at $3. Currently it's around like $9. It's a 3x from here, but in the meantime the stock has gone up like 6x. And we benefited from these market moves in between and that has allowed us, similar to with HIMS, to do a 1.5x higher return than just buying and holding the stock from the start of when we launched the fund today. Can I add something? Yeah, please. Give me the mic for a second. I think trading the stock is one thing, right? Owning the right stock is what really matters in the end, right? So you're going to be able to boost the return like you said, but what I really wanted to emphasize just for a second here is on these two stocks quite amazingly and put the trading aside, right? If you look at them, both of them 6x'd in a matter of six months, right? HIMS went from 10 to 60 then down to 30 all in a matter of six months. I mean you don't see many stocks like that, right? Of course we bought at 3. We sold at 16. Now it's back to 8 and we're fully exposed now. And aside from the trading again, what matters is it went from 3 to 18 in six months. So these are cash flow positive businesses in the U.S., which is the main market people are looking at from an equity perspective. And with the whole valuation reset and the whole general context from the interest rates ramp up in 2022, the valuation reset and now the U.S. context, you can basically go out and find some of these names which have a potential on a free cash flow basis, not too speculative to sit on assets that are 6x'ing here. And that's what LFG really is all about, I think. And if you don't mind me taking over for the rest, and if there's four things that we would want you to take away just from LFG would be the following. We just had a 12-15 year bull run, no questions asked. I mean you could simply sit on equities, wait it out, have your 15% annually and everybody had a Merry Christmas and everybody was very happy, right? The reality is when you look at the underlying assets now and at the composition of the indexes and the trackers, it's mostly driven by large caps. I mean a while ago, MAC 7 represented roughly 12%, 10 years ago represented 12% of NASDAQ. Now it's above 30%, 30-35%. So people are just fueling and buying back through trackers or directly into the big names and basically increasing the implied multiple you're paying for your equities today. And we think given everything that's going on in the market now, we're at the point where there's a decent chance, might happen, might not happen, where there's a decent chance that going from passive investment and just holding trackers and just be long-only trackers might actually not be the right thing for the next 10 years and that active managers will have more to say in the coming years. And we hope to be part of that. The second thing is I think it's clear, we clearly identified that there is a gap and there is a catch-up to be made from small cap, medium cap multiples versus large capitalizations, including MAC 7, right? It's been a year, but it's been a very productive year, creating 28% outperformance versus the index and that's not just small caps, that's also a NASDAQ S&P. This massive overperformance, we're probably not going to be able to deliver that sustainably, but I think we've demonstrated that we're at least, it's encouraging to say that we're looking at the right universe for investment and applying the skills that we have at the team to invest in those names is as proven to be efficient at this stage. And lastly, again, we want to really focus on compounding capital. We're not asset gatherers. This applies to all our funds and this one specifically, we expect to hard close at 500 million AUM. The reason is these are small names. There's not a massive liquidity in those names and going above the threshold would probably have a detrimental impact on the performance and this is definitely not in our interest and therefore not in our investors' interest as well. And I think Mo is on the side. I want to jump in here because that's a very good point that you're making, Jenny. It's really in my personal career, I started my career in 2004 with York Capital. York Capital was one of the multi-strategy super success stories that came from New York and that opened up a London office. I was employee number three in the London office and then we grew when I joined, I was five years there. We grew from 100 million AUM to 3.8 billion AUM in those four years with inflows and returns basically. So I've seen the whole success. We changed offices in five years, four times. We went from three employees to 18. So it was a very entrepreneurial and quite successful story. But our small and mid-cap fund that we had at York called York Focus Fund, and you can check this, York Focus Fund, when we reached 600 million AUM, we closed the fund. We closed the fund, hard closed the fund and we never opened it again. We ended up having $900 million on the waiting list of institutional investors that were just waiting for someone to redeem so that they could replace the capital. So we could have replaced one and a half times the whole AUM basically off the fund. Now, why did they do that? Because from 05 all the way until I left, I left in 09, I joined in 04. But in that period, five, six, seven, eight, it was just compounding at 25% plus basically. And obviously from an institutional perspective, when they see these types of returns, people don't wait long. This LFG is at the very beginning. We've seeded us. We've seeded it with our capital. Like Jerome said, we have a few smaller investors that have joined us early on, but this is a fund that we want to stay a speedboat. It cannot be a tanker. If it becomes a tanker, it's not going to work. And in these markets, you need to be a speedboat. UNOS and I, we trade often pre-market, post-market. The US opens, European opens and closes. It's a very active involvement. And therefore you can't do that if you do that with 2 billion basically. I did it at Carmignac for the Small and Mid-Cap Fund. It had a billion and a half AUM and it doesn't work. I know it doesn't work basically. So that's why the clear indication that at 500 million, this will be a closed fund basically. And then it'll be all about returning the capital. Whatever we make after 500, we will distribute it back. Whatever we make, it will distribute it back to bring it back down to 500. Just for those that are asking. So I think that's it for LFG. We're happy to take some questions. We'll have a Q&A session at the end. If you have questions specific to LFG, we're happy to take some now. Yes? What was the AUM in the LFG for this period? So we seeded the AUM with our capital for 20 million. It's grown a bit now with the performance and with some minor investors coming in now. We're expecting to close an institutional ticket now in the coming weeks, which will be anywhere between 20 and 50. It might be progressive. So yes, it's still the early days. Two questions. You said you're buying best, right? You're trading the stock as you just shown. However, on the second one, you're buying it back into your initial full exit. So is that buying back the same size as your initial trade? Or how do you scale the trade? Because if it's a small trade first and then comes a large trade and it goes the wrong way, you don't have that effect. So that's my first question. Usually, we can go back to the slide. Usually, when we re-enter, it's usually not immediately the full size back again of where we have been beforehand. The second one, last year. Yeah, it's usually not the full size necessarily. But how you should look at that as well, if we re-enter, usually there's a new information as well. So if we, as an example, we sold here, but we re-entered here, it's fairly similar from a price perspective. You could argue, why did you sell to begin with? The point there is that there's new information that we have for us to think, well, the stock now at like eight and a half is undervalued, whereas previously at eight and a half was overvalued from our perspective. Let's not forget in public markets, you work on imperfect information. They show you half the Mona Lisa and you need to decide, is it a Mona Lisa or is it not? So nobody tells you everything at one go. So everything you do here, even between here, you can sell here and buy here. That's not the wrong decision, technically, right? Because it's always based on the information that you have available. Yeah, but my question is more on the lot size. Yeah, the lot size is very much information specific. Sometimes we will sell here and we will buy half the position back because our conviction is lower, but we believe some things have happened that decide we should be back in. Sometimes we will buy lower and we will be actually three times the size. What it tells you is these three buys that tell you this was not immediately back to the full size, right? Otherwise you wouldn't have had two more green dots underneath. Yeah. Okay. And then my second question was, you said you do a mall on 40% of the committed capital. However, 100% of the committed capital of net exposure. Okay. 100%, however, in both cases anyway, it's not possible because you always have some, but then what would you, with your presenting it like, okay, we could use more. How much more could you actually? No, to explain this, that's next. Theoretically, we could have 100%. That means if I own only longs and have no shorts, that's 100% technique. That's the net exposure, right? The gross exposure could be above 100. If I have 100 million of AUM, I can be long 120. That's 120 more than I can be, but I can be short 60 against that. Then my net exposure will be 60, but I'm actually gross exposed 180. I'll have 180 in the market at risk, but I'll be 60%. Answer your question where we feel like where we could get to is probably somewhere like 60, 70, 80% is like where we potentially can get to. Correct. Yeah. We'll always be hedged. Yeah. Correct. Yeah. There was some other question in the back. Yes. What about the short exposure? Is it about future NASDAQ or in your cell? Mostly indices expressed mostly through ETFs, sometimes single names as well, but it's a mixed. The majority are indices. Yeah. Expressed through ETFs. There is more clever ways, which we don't necessarily want to... It's part of the secret sauce as well. There is some clever ways to express the short side by actually getting paid rather than paying.