 So we're also now finalizing one additional deal which is in Agritech, also a UAE company, and we hope to keep doing this on a rolling basis. So people who invest with us, it's very easy, instead of committing capital and be stuck in the full cycle like VC fund, basically ask Neha to be on the list for distribution for direct deals, which means that every time we have an allocation, we basically send a teaser to all our investors, they can have a look at it, quick call to check whether this makes sense for them, and then everybody's happy to participate directly on a deal by deal basis alongside us in those transactions. And again, there is no deal we propose that we haven't put our own money in, so there's a clear alignment of interest. If we have a deal, we are putting our own money into the same deal, at same terms, into the same SBB basically. So that's it. Thank you for bearing with us. Long afternoon. Full afternoon. Happy to take any questions. I had a question when we were having the break, which was, do you offer these products on a one product basis? I mean, you invest directly in Neha and that specific product gives you exposure to all four. Like a master feeder. Like a master feeder. Unfortunately not for regulatory purposes, but also because we like giving everybody full optionality based on their preferences. Me, for example, I don't have the same exposure as Mo. Mo is all in BTC, by the way. No, he's not. But I think that's really what happens. It makes sense to be able, depending on allocations or investments you do outside of Neha, to be able to prioritize where you want to be. Just for your benefit, what I currently do is I roughly have 50% of my exposure on private, 20% LFG, our long short equity, 20% in LA, our fund of fund, and roughly 10%, maybe a bit more in our digital asset fund. So that gives you a bit of an idea of how I look at it. Mo is different. And then I think there was another question also that I got asked about the tax for the Belgian investors. Maybe you want to reference that for the ones that had this. And I think more specifically, so the tax set up for digital assets, at the moment, digital assets are still considered a security like equity. So we'll all be having a 10% capital gains tax on digital assets. But there is no other specific tax related to that. And our fund vehicle in Luxembourg doesn't provide a special situation in terms of tax efficiency, since this one is fiscally transparent. So on direct deals, it's fairly straightforward. It's direct equity held by investors through also fiscally transparent SPVs. The other two rights we have in Luxembourg are slightly different. The only risk we have from a tax perspective is a risk currently of dedicated structure because currently I hold, because I see that the funds, I hold more than 50% of the actual funds and therefore there is a risk of being re-qualified as a dedicated structure. This being said, since we're only going for capital gains on the LFG side, and since these are early stage companies that don't distribute dividends, there are no taxable revenues. So as for the Cayman tax for those who are familiar in Belgium, it could potentially be a look through for another two weeks because as we said, we're onboarding a large institutional investor in the LFG, which will dilute me personally below the 50% and which should eliminate the problem for LFG. On the late the problem remains for the moment again, for us while we ramp up and scale assets. For the moment there is a transparency issue on LA, which we hope to solve by raising more capital and dilute me personally. That's why we do an asset test with PWC to be able to differentiate taxable revenues from non-taxable revenues within the fund-to-fund strategy. Then we basically communicate that asset test to investors and what taxable revenues they should basically put in their personal declarations. And you guys can always come back with Neha, we can coordinate if there are specific questions with regards to tax on this basically because it's not the same for everybody. Okay, thank you so much. Thanks for your patience. Thank you.