 Good afternoon everybody. We'll do it in English. We're still waiting for a couple of people who I guess are going to join while we're busy. Sorry we're starting a bit late and it might also be a bit of a long one. We have various products we want to run you through and explain to you what Neue is about. Before we go into that, allow me to present myself and we'll be introducing Neue together with Mohamed who's our CIO at Neue. My name is Jérôme Loise for those who don't know me, most of you do, but for those who don't, I'm based here in Brussels in our Brussels office which we have in Houlart and have a background in business investment. I had a few years in strategic consulting, moved into the family business. I was based in Asia for a few years and then when leaving the family business I co-founded Neue with Mo and with Nico who's around as well. I've always been passionate about investment, have been investing all along through our family office for close to 15 years now. I'm going to focus on private investments. If I'm the private guy of Neue, Mo is the liquid guy. He's going to go into it but he has 15-20 years experience in hedge funds and I've been more active on the private side having done 80 plus private transactions mostly in the VC space. So, Mo, if you want to maybe just say a word about yourselves? Of course, I hope this works. Can you guys hear me? Yeah? Okay, excellent. My voice is very loud anyway so even if you don't, if the microphone doesn't work you should have no problems. Welcome everyone. It's a pleasure being here. Thank you so much for your time. I'm the guy that's from the desert so I'm in the Dubai office of Neue. My name is Mohammed and I'm fifth generation German as you can see from the color of my hair. I was born and raised in Germany, lived half my life in Germany, half my life in the UK. Background is investments. I started in investment banking and then have done around 15 years for three major firms, two US and one European. Always in the kitchen myself, really managing the funds, picking the stocks and running the portfolios. And now have co-founded Neue in 2019. I moved to Dubai in 2017 and co-founded first as a senior advisor and then with Jerome basically took over as the CIO in 2021, late 2021 and we've basically transformed Neue from a digital asset fund to actually a multifamily office with multiple verticals which is what we will explain hopefully throughout this afternoon. Yeah, so that's back to the guy who lives in the rain then. So I live in the rain together with Nico here in our Brussels office. So just to bounce back on what Mo was saying, so we transitioned, we had two verticals, we're going to go into the details, right, but we kicked it off in 2019 with a high conviction on digital assets and that being the right call. Obviously given everything that has happened in the last years within the digital asset space and then basically have transitioned into more verticals. And I think I want to kick it off by just explaining how the process worked, right, because I think it's important. It really all started when Mo and myself, we sat down and said, OK, we want to have out of our wealth, we want to dedicate some of it to alternative investments, growth investments, anything dynamic really, where you try to go for high risk, high reward assets and strategies. And this is how we both carved out part of our wealth to be dedicated to Noya Capital as our growth investment arm really. And the way we did it is by sitting down and brainstorming about where we wanted our capital to be invested in, aside of traditional assets, which as a family office, you know, we have as well. But this vehicle is really you should really look at it as a growth investment vehicle for family offices in general. And that's why we basically said, OK, let's find it. Let's build a team. Let's get the right products that we have high convictions on at the moment, which are the four products we're going to run you through today. And let's basically align excellent investors with us if they want to. So again, thank you all for coming today. We're going to try to go as fast as possible through the different investment vehicles we have, kicking it off with Noya Long Term Fundamental Growth or Noya LFG, which is our long short small cap equity strategy. We'll run into our then Manfred will present Noya Liquid Alternatives, which is our fund of hedge funds, so to say. Then we have a break and right after we'll finish with digital assets and direct deals. So I'm sorry, some investors I know came specifically for one product. So you're going to have to bear with us running them through. But we have investors who are invested in individual products and therefore, hopefully you can learn something out of it, aside of the current investments you might have with us. And then I'll finish it off with the direct deals, which will be our last last vertical and we'll close the day with that. All right. So again, so our value proposition is I think I've already given you some insight as to what we target at Noya. But today we run approximately 300 million AUM. Roughly 80% of that is still the team's capital. So the whole point for us, which is really critical as a team, is to show that we're fully aligned with external investors and that we're primarily investing for our own capital. And then if certain people want to join us, they're very welcome to do so, provided the underlying strategies are scalable enough to take external capital. But I think that's really important and at the core of our value proposition. So you would have understood, so this is growth oriented. We're not going to be talking 7% IRR returns on systematic return strategies or real estate here. This is we're really targeting more dynamic investments through a diversified fund offering. But I've gone through that and obviously we had to go through the setup of not only the offices, the licenses that we bought this year and so on, but also we had to bring in the right team to be able to operate the different funds. The last one is critical in the sense that it might sound a bit controversial, saying long term and opportunistic. But it's really our approach is opportunistic in the sense that we are value seekers. We're really trying to go and opportunistically look at where value is. It can be in one vertical rather than another depending on where we are in the cycle, for example. But that's the opportunistic touch. But long term driven. We're really trying to snowball a pocket of capital that we're trying to get returns on with NOYA and have this long term effect down the line. And then also important is whatever we do, we're always going to thrive to get this in the most regulated, most secure and most tax efficient way as possible. So three funds are based in Luxembourg, two are structured as Rives, one is an SCSP and the direct deal vertical is on an SPV basis. But we'll get back to that later. Thanks Jay. So if I may jump in here, this gives you really a nice overview of the transition that the transformation really that NOYA has seen over the years. So we started like we said in 2019. Here you can see that we started in digital assets, which some of you already know, and in direct deals. So we are probably one of the oldest now digital asset funds in Europe because it's already five years in the running. And the industry is only, as you know, born in 2009. And you can imagine from 2009 to 2015-16, it was so nascent and so small that there was not a single institutional investor in this asset class. So it's already quite an established product with our NOYA digital asset fund. Now outside of that, we had always the direct deals part that Jerome will present at the end of this afternoon because we've done now in total more than 15 deals with a check size per deal of north of a million dollars. So we will go into that. But it's really that when we sat down with Jerome in 2022, where we decided and said, If we are now, if I'm coming in now full time as the CIO and now we are we're putting more of our capital together in the growth space, what is it that we can what is missing basically in this puzzle, right, that we can that we can have further verticals. And then we came up with these two products that we decided together we wanted to deploy our capital in. And those are the two products that we're also extremely keen on. And we see the benefits and the synergies for them to be under the NOYA umbrella right now. The other one is NOYA LFG. Jerome mentioned it internally. I can say that it's it stands for let's fucking go. But actually it means long term fundamental growth. And the reason why I'm saying that is because it's a it's a high octane, high performing equity long short fund that is going into the small caps in Europe and in the US. And you will understand when we when we when we explain to it what we mean by that. The focus here really what I would like you to remember is that we're looking at those high quality businesses that we can own for the medium term. That's really what we're what we're looking at what we're looking here. And then the second one is NOYA Liquid Alternatives also called NOYA LA where we have our internal fund of fund. But again, some of you might know from their private banking relationships, et cetera, it's really very different to your usual fund of fund that you know, because otherwise we wouldn't have set it up. What's the point in setting up another fund of fund if it's the same that is already from what exists in the market? And therefore we will explain why we've set this up and how this is differentiated to what is out there in the market, which Manfred, he's here. He will explain it. Now, the beauty is right now, all of those four verticals are live. All of them are set up. It has taken a lot of effort and time, obviously, because from a regulation perspective, we had to acquire a regulated entity in the DFC in Dubai in the financial center there. So we have a full fledged regulated entity in Dubai now. Obviously, the setup in Luxembourg and in Brussels. And now all of them are ready. And now it's up to you guys. Right now, as Jerome said, 80 percent of our capital is internal. But now investors can choose to either individually invest in either of the verticals or they could come in in a holistic way, the way we are investing in our products, basically. Yes. And on the holistic part, I just want to emphasize that for us, this is an all in play, right? I mean, we're not all our alternative investments are done through Noya, meaning more than myself and the team. We're not pursuing other alternative investments outside of it. Right. So this is the commitment that we both had to the structure. Correct. Now, how did it go and where do we stand right now? So the digital asset fund, as I said, our flagship, and it's already been around for a while since inception. ITD means inception to date. So since inception, it has returned just over 800 percent. Now it's been compounding at almost 60 percent per year. Basically that obviously this nascent emerging asset class, we've been early to it and we've benefited from that. The two funds that we mentioned that we've just set up that have gone both live in April last year. So they are just about to have one year under the belt. Seek very, very strong start with LFG. The PM is here for the product. Extremely strong start and compounding annualized at 35 and also strong start even for this year as well. Again, compared to what happened in the markets and then for liquid alternatives, I want you to understand on the liquid alternatives, you might think, OK, versus those returns that looks like very mediocre. I need you guys to understand that this is a very different product from a risk level perspective and from a liquidity perspective. So you have quarterly liquidity in digital assets and in L.A. and you have monthly liquidity in LFG and then you have no liquidity, so to say, in the direct deals because it's SPV based and it's only when there is specific liquidity in the underlying investments. But in liquid alternatives, the most important thing is obviously because the money goes into other hedge funds that are with quarterly liquidity, you actually as an investor, you're not taking manager risk, you're not taking geographic risk, you're not taking asset class risk. There are a lot of risks that are being eliminated. So it's really a product that should give you equity like returns with significant downside protection, basically, if that makes sense. So we'll go into this. But that's the overview of the products and the performances so far. Yes, so I think we've already gone through some of that. But what's really our promise we made ourselves and are making to our to our investors is, of course, integrity in the sense that we want to do honest investment, right? In the sense that we're not saying people are not investing, honestly, but we want to emphasize the fact that most of typical asset managers, they will be on an asset gathering journey, whereas we are not at all. We're much more into trying to compound the capital rather than to go out and raise. I mean, this is literally the first raising event that we would have done since we launched our two new funds last year, because we just want to focus on first delivering the returns and then and then progressively along the along the road, get people to invest with us. And so this is really a very different concept of of asset management overall. And again, it's all driven by the same long term philosophy with that. Keep in mind the snowball. It will keep coming with the presentation. But that's really that's really what what we target to do with with a team of people, of course, that that are helping us to to achieve to achieve those targets. And that's the core team that we have. Everybody's here today. So feel free to go and talk to the specific PM of every every product. But the way it splits is roughly you've got the hedge funds guys led by Mo. So that's who knows who is our PM on LFG. You've got Manfred, head of Liquid Alternatives, but but but also our head of research and working across the board on all Noya products. Nico and myself, we've been we met we met we we worked together at Roland Berger more than 10 years ago and have been working together ever since. And we're more of the private guys, so to say, but also working across the board. And then we have a wonderful ladies, Farah, who joined us last year as a director of operations. She just entered the room. She's in the back. She's in the back. Say hi, Farah. And then we have our latest addition, Neha, who who's sitting here in the front, who's leading the IR part of the of the business. She just came in from 10 plus years at JP Morgan in the sales role and were really happy to have to have her here. This is literally her second day with us. So hopefully she'll stick around for a few more days. And so I guess so I guess that's it. Maybe Mo, if you want to go through the office. The important thing here is really we're a firm that's spread between Europe and the Middle East. As I said, we have our flagship office in Dubai and myself, Farah and Neha, our latest addition. We sit in Dubai. We have we have other people there, but on the leadership team. We are sitting in Dubai. All the funds are in Luxembourg, like I explained. And Manfred is in Geneva. You know, is in London. And then Jerome and Nico are here in the Brussels office. Although yesterday when we were trying to order food, we realized it's not really in Brussels. Like it was a bit. Farah was like, isn't there a coffee shop or just go out? I'm like, no, we're in the forest. So. So that's the so let's go into it. So this is maybe just a few words about yourself before you get into it with the left.