 I'm going to start presenting this with Nico, and then we'll have Jerome talking about the direct deals, and then we'll have the closing marks. So you have two more products left basically to go through. The good thing is you guys don't have to worry about time because I have to catch a plane tonight to Dubai. So I'm the one that is most under time pressure here, at least from my perspective. So I'm glad to start with DA now. So what is the investment objective on Noya Digital Assets on DA? So the first thing that I would like to remind you is Noya DA actually aims to give a diversified exposure to digital assets and to the blockchain technology. That's our aim. We want to give you guys a diversified exposure. We know that it's an emerging asset class. It's a nascent asset class still. The total asset class is only 3 trillion compared to 130 trillion for equities. So it's not even 3% of the whole equity universe basically. So it's a very small emerging asset class still, and we want to give you guys diversified exposure to this basically. We don't believe that when you look at emerging asset classes or products that are technologies We don't believe in being hedged, fully hedged in those and try to pick pennies in front of the steamroller. You need to decide whether you want to be in it or you don't want to be in it. But if you decide to be in it, you need to find a smart way to be exposed to it, which is really what we're trying to offer with Noya DA. Nico has a call starting, so let me put that off. So what we have achieved so far, we discussed that already since inception, is a 58% IRR. We are here, we are invested in this asset class ourselves because we believe that these highly outsized returns will continue. We won't know obviously if it's 60% or 30%, but we do believe it's going to be in the range of 30 to 60% plus that this asset class will deliver in the future. I personally believe it will be slightly lower in the 35 to 40% range, but I believe it will continue to compound at that rate basically. So there are four main convictions that we have with regards to this asset class, and I will go by a few slides, I will go through those four main convictions. The first one being that we believe strongly that Bitcoin is digital gold. I think we've been saying this to you guys in my previous presentations over the years, and I think back then there was less proof for it, but more and more even the US president is talking now, or the Treasury Secretary is talking about Bitcoin being digital gold. So this has really established itself, and I will go through how that manifests itself and what it means. Secondly, we believe that the blockchain technology is one of the most critical innovations because it allows us to actually move value across the web basically, and I will explain why that is so critical and why that is important. The third one is that we still believe, which is why I believe that we have these long high returns still in front of us, is we're still at the very low end of the adoption curve of this technology, and I will explain with hard data of why that is the case. And then the fourth one, which everybody asks themselves, where is the value going to accrete basically in this technology? You have tokens, you have equity values, where is it going to be? And we will explore that together basically as well. So I'll start with one. Bitcoin is a hedge against future inflation and increase in fiat money supply. I always say, we had this video which I did with my son in our last holiday in Sri Lanka, and I sent it to the team. I asked my son and I said, what's the top of Bitcoin? And my son said, Bitcoin doesn't have a top because fiat doesn't have a bottom. So I don't encourage you to think of the Bitcoin top price because as long as governments continue of only finding the way out via inflation, via quantitative easing, via printing, via increasing the money supply, there is no any hard scarce asset will reflect the opposite of that, the one divided of that basically. So look at what happened. This is only US money supply. This is way worse than for other currencies. If I take the same for Turkish lira, for Brazilian real, for Argentinian peso, for you name it, you don't even want to know the chart. It goes through the ceiling basically, right, in terms of the money supply. So obviously the best reserve currency on the globe still went up two and a half X in 15 years, still went up since COVID 15, 50%. So you have 50% more money circulating than you had pre-COVID basically, right? So that's a significant increase. Why is that? Because every time when governments are in the situation that they think in Keynesian economics which we live in, when they think that they need to find a solution to increase demand, they always look, go back down to quantitative easing, to more money printing once the interest rates and stimulus doesn't work. So that's the first one, which is if you guys believe with us, then you will automatically believe that any scarce asset like gold, like which is the analog version of Bitcoin, like digital gold, will be an amazing inflation hedge basically for us given the situation you have with these governments. Now the second one is blockchain being this critical technology. I will explain why this gentleman who has a very interesting shape in this picture specifically, but I will explain why this is such a critical technology basically. He's the founder of Netscape. Some of you might know him, like Andreessen, very famous, famous BC personality, founder of A16Z, Andreessen Horowitz. And he said if he would have known, the quote is there, if he would have known this technology 20 years ago, we would have built it into the browser because Netscape at the time was not just, the idea was not just to surf the web and to look at information, but it was to be able to transfer value within the web. Now blockchain technology didn't exist, but now it does. And I just want to make this very, very visible to you guys. If I take a picture now from my phone, and my phone is in my bag, but if I take a picture on my phone and it's the picture of the Mona Lisa in the Louvre, and I send that to Jerome, and I send a message to Jerome and say I've sent you the only picture there is of the Mona Lisa from my phone. I'm only sending it to you as a gift basically. That's meaningless for Jerome. It's completely meaningless because he has no control over the fact whether I have sent this to another 20 people. I could have sent it to Antoine, to Nico, to Yunus, to anyone else, and I would have said oh and I could send the same to Neha and say hey, welcome to the team, I've sent you the only picture of the, that's called double spent in the internet world, right? It's called double spending something in the digital world. With blockchain technology, Satoshi Nakamoto prevented double spending. When a transaction is happening, it gets recognized in all of the different nodes across the world that are all saying this transaction has happened and that same transaction cannot reoccur basically, right? That's really the ability to spend, to move value over the internet without a third party. Now some of you will say yeah but I don't need this because I can just go on my PayPal and I can send my friend in Miami money via PayPal. Yes you can but you're using PayPal. It's a third party provider that is what we call a rent seeker in between that is actually forces the both of you to be on the same network and then charges the both of you to be able to do this transaction basically. We are talking like the internet to be able to do this on a protocol level without third party basically, right? You don't require any intermediary to be able to do that. That's really the critical innovation and that's why this is such a big deal basically, right? And now where, so that's the second part that this is such a critical innovation. Now the third one is if this is such a critical innovation, where are we in the adoption curve? If you look at the adoption curve now, on the right here you'll see the total assets on the world and we were joking previously earlier this morning how much is a thousand trillion so that's one quadrillion Manfred? Quadrillion. So it's one quadrillion, it's a lot of zeros, right? It's 15 zeros actually. That's the global total assets on the globe. And then you have the breakdown, bless you. You have approximately 400 trillion in real estate, in global real estate. You have approximately 140 and 120 in equities and in bonds. And then you go down to money supply gold. Gold, by the way, now with the price that it's gone up, it's getting bigger and bigger in terms of its total size and you have Bitcoin at 1.7 trillion. So now if this is digital gold, then obviously you can see the differences between those different asset sizes and where we are and I'll go into this in a minute. But on top of that, I want you guys to focus on this specifically, right? That shows you the crypto owners. The estimated number right now globally is 550 million people. So we have around 500 million people that when you ask them, they'll say I have Bitcoin or I had a wallet or I bought some NFT or I'm in Ethereum or somewhere in this space, basically. But think of that number versus the total Internet user or versus the total number of people on the planet. And look where we are. We are, if you compare to the total Internet users and where we are on the crypto, we're basically at the level of the 2000s when you look at it from a technology adoption curve versus the Internet user timeline, basically, right? So that's really where we are. At that early of a stage versus the overall adoption that you would expect this to go, especially with this view, don't forget that it allows you to transfer value from A to B. When you send, when I now send money, it doesn't matter whether you stand next to me or whether you're in Namibia. It's the same price. And on the Lightning Network, on top of Bitcoin, it costs zero dollars, right? So I can literally send any amount of money from here, from Brussels to any place in the globe at basically cents, basically in total cost, because when you do large amounts, you wouldn't use the Lightning Network. You would use the Bitcoin network. But even then, you're talking one or two dollars. And on Twitter, you have it very often that someone says, oh, the U.S. government is now selling whatever 10 billion dollars of of their frozen assets that they had from some scam or whatever. And then it's always the funny thing. In Twitter, everybody then talks about because they have to move it on chain. And then everybody talks about the absolute absolute dollars they spent to move 10 billion dollars. And it's like, hey, they spent one dollar, 20 cents to move 10 billion dollars, basically, which is a completely insane thing if you think about it. So where does the value now? Where does it where does it accrue? Right. We want to know because obviously we're investors. We want to know where does this value accrue so that we can try and make money from it in the old web in the web to world. Basically, the value is on the application layer. That's your Max 7, your fans, basically. Right. The Googles, the Apples, et cetera. They are the ones capturing the value. The protocol layer has no value. Basically, nobody expects the HTTP, the TCP IP to have any significant value in blockchain. However, because you're now moving, you're now being able to own the assets itself. Basically, in the Web 3 world, the question is the value will be will be not just on the application layer, which is the exchanges or the businesses that are on top, but also on the protocol layer, basically. Right. And that's the the conundrum that we have within the team constantly to try and find out where why would value accrue accrue in certain of the protocols while while they accrue more in certain others, depending on the business model, depending on how how they actually go about this, basically. But that's the differentiating world that you guys also need to be aware of when you look at it from a NOAA perspective. Now, to achieve that, how are we doing the portfolio construction? Right. Because it's extremely important in this world to get the right portfolio construction in place, especially over the last two years with the changing dynamics that we have seen. So what we have done here is we have generally a liquid portfolio that where we are in all the tokens, Bitcoin and in any of the other tokens as well. And then you have a maximum of 30 percent that is with an opt in option that goes into our venture portfolio. And we have two examples that are going to be here that will be presenting that are part of the NOAA DA venture portfolio. So in the liquid portfolio, what you what I would like to emphasize is this barbell investment strategy. So what what we have there is we have a large exposure to the big to the big names, meaning mostly Bitcoin and a bit of Ethereum and some of the other names. But that's one part of the portfolio. And then we have a long tail of that's why it's called barbell. We have a long tail of smaller investments in tokens in smaller instruments that we believe that if they work, they could give us really outsized returns. And really, that's how you have to do it. Because if you go and you just allocate pro rata into the top 20 names or the top 50 names, what you end up doing is what happened over the last two years. If there is a significant underperformance of the other tokens versus BTC, you end up underperforming BTC in a major way, basically. Right. And given that BTC is still the bedrock of this industry, of this asset class, we don't want to do that. So we always look for a strategy that allows us to be closer to be on par while getting all the optionality from any of those newer business models working in our favor, basically. And I won't go into the venture portfolio because we'll have plenty of examples with Nico explaining it, etc. as well. So what happened in 2024? Just briefly as a recap of what happened last year in this world, the first half really of the year was completely dominated by the ETF launches and the ETF approvals in the U.S. Something incredible in financial markets happened. Like, I want to say that it's like mind blowing what happened. Basically, people have come together and have decided that the technology that had started with the retail masses, right, with the libertarians and the cyber funds, etc., now became a real asset that they could invest in as well for financial markets. So what they have done is they have taken an absolute finite asset, which is Bitcoin, because there will never be more than 21 million bitcoins, as you know. And they have basically taken that and they've wrapped it into ETFs and allowed people to invest in that in that instrument. And there were 12 ETFs that were launched. And guess what happened when they did that? It ended up becoming the single most successful launch of ETFs in the history of ETFs, more successful than when gold ETFs launched in 2003, basically. So what happened is in a matter of one year, more than one hundred billion dollars went into ETFs. These are the firms that launched the ETFs. So you have BlackRock, Fidelity, you have ARK, which is Cathie Woods, you have Bitwise, Vanek, Valkyre, Invesco, Franklin. You have the household names of the ETF world launching all their own version of the Bitcoin ETF, hoping that people would use their vehicles to get into it. The BlackRock one, the iShares has become the most successful with almost half of the AUM of the industry. But basically, a million BTC, more than a million to almost BTC, is now held by the ETFs. Basically, that's the significant change that we had in 2024. In the first half of 2024, also with the Ethereum ETFs happened in the mid of 2024. And the second half of the year was completely dominated when Trump came to Nashville to the Bitcoin Conference in June and then mentioned that he will be the crypto president and that US will be the crypto capital of the world. And when once he said that the second half of the of the year in the industry was completely dominated by US elections, is he going to get elected? If not, et cetera, because you guys might remember with the Democrats in place, there was a lot of difficulty in the industry. There's something called Operation Chalk Point 2.0, which is like an untold reality that if you were involved in crypto, your bank accounts were getting frozen, etc. It was the case for us, for many of our peers and friends that if they would send money with HSBC and they would write in the reference BTC, they would close their bank accounts down, etc. So all of that is now history. And this industry that has been operating over the last 12, 13 years with handbrakes on actually now has been endorsed by the US government. And now all of these issues are being lifted. But it was the first half was the ETFs and the second half was basically the US election. Now, now I want to talk just briefly about these headwinds becoming tailwinds, because this is really significant and this gets us really, really excited at Noyal, because all of the things that have happened in the US now over the last few months and weeks are extremely, extremely positive. I personally been in the industry since 2015. I can't believe that we are here. I never thought that this would be happening so fast that the president would be talking about adding Bitcoin as a strategic Bitcoin reserve onto the US government balance sheet. Like, let's just be clear, everybody. Like, you know, you need to be aware they only have two things. They have oil and gold. Right. And there is cheese somewhere in the US. I heard that there is some cheese strategic reserves. No joke. Yes, there is some cheese as well. I don't know why they should have Belgian chocolate instead instead of having cheese. Anyway, but people were joking about that on the web. But in reality, like really strategically, there is gold because it's it's the neutral reserve currency still that all the central banks are using to store value. Still, that's one part. And then you have oil. You need oil. You have a strategic reserve in oil. Now you're going to have Bitcoin as well. Bitcoin strategic reserve. There is still a risk, by the way, and we might see this. I'm not saying this is a prediction. Don't don't quote me for it. But there is a risk that what what I could see happening is that the United States will decide to sell its gold and replace it with the with BTC because they said they want to do it in a budget neutral way. Now, if they do that, that's going to change the whole dynamics globally all of a sudden if they do that, because then they would only do that to really rub it into China because China has been the single largest buyer of gold over the last five, six years while they were selling US treasuries or at least not replacing US treasuries. But really, this is a very major part, really cementing BTC as a strategic asset and as digital gold and really changing the whole upside down side dynamics on this asset class. For me, for this having happened and Bitcoin at 80,000, it should be at 800,000. Like, literally, that's what I think. How wrong the market is right now on this. And I discussed already Operation Checkpoint 2 and SEC. Maybe you guys have seen SEC has dropped every single lawsuit. The SEC had sued every single company in crypto of the top 10, literally every exchange from Coinbase to Kraken to all of the other Binance guy went to jail, paid five billion to the SEC, etc. All of those lawsuits have been dropped. So there is a real significant 180 degrees change for this industry now in the US. And while that's happening, every single US state is applying and is adopting Bitcoin as a strategic reserve. Texas was the first. Wisconsin together with Wisconsin. They've already gone through it. So now they're going to be buying 500 million dollars of Bitcoin every year in their own as a state strategic reserve, basically. Think of the how do you call this? The Brussels region's reserve. Exactly. Right. So and then obviously all the big names now starting from the Morgan Stanley's that are adopting it for the private banks and all the others. I won't go into all of them. I'll just hand over to Nico to talk about some of the price performances and the venture portfolio. Thank you. Thank you for giving us a good summary of the market overview. The overview of the digital asset space on the micro level. So let's now double click on the performances of liquid digital assets over 2024. So if we high level look at what happened in the market. So again, like in 2023, Bitcoin was the best performing digital assets in 2024. So by far outperforming the Alcoin market markets. So 90 percent performance for Bitcoin versus 28 percent for the Alcoin markets. Now I'd like to together just to zoom out a bit on these performances. And the arbitrary date here is simply because that's when Noya Capital started managing money. So we launched in April 2020, but started managing capital back in 2019. So you can see the lines at the bottom. These are equity indices. So MSCI, S&P 500 and gold. And then you can see the evolution of Bitcoin and Noya since then. So there are two points I'd like to emphasize here is of course, the absolute performance of Noya is one. So we are almost in close to the Bitcoin performance since we launched the fund. But another interesting way to look at this slide is and that's something that together with I remember Jerome when we started Noya is it was back in 2020 and 2018 when the Alcoin markets crashed 80 percent. As a family, he was wondering, OK, should we get into this asset class? I mean, an asset class. We were talking asset class back then, but is it worth putting money into this asset class? Do we believe in the technology? And so we did some homework, of course, and we came to the conclusion. I mean, the technology was really it was still really early on. So we didn't really know. But we said, OK, let's put in some money. And so how we think about digital assets and we encourage all our investors to look at it this way is you should see it as a call option on the market, on this asset class. So you as an investor should accept to pay a premium, which you can consider as money that you have lost, but this gives you a lot of optionality in the future. So the conclusion is whether you believe or not in this asset class and this technology, we think you should get a tiny exposure to it, whether via Noya, whether directly with some risks linked to it as recently one of the largest crypto exchanges could act for one point five billion dollar value. So so so that's so that's these are the two main messages I want to convey. We'll give it to you. Here, can you get back to the previous one? So this chart made us lose a lot of hair, all of us literally since since day one, as I can as I'm sure you can imagine, right? So. There's a lot there's a lot of investors who were with us from day one. There's a second tranche of investors who came in in twenty one, twenty two, and then investors joined us in what I call the third phase of Noya. What I want to emphasize here, I think it's important, is that it's a bit of the paradox that we have within the fund, right? People who came in early on extremely happy, right? People who came in in twenty one, twenty two, we were a bit late on accumulating altcoins and then there was the entire altcoin meltdown combined with the FTX event, so we got caught up into FTX for 20 percent of our liquid assets, which which which was a disaster as a fund manager. So luckily we only had 20 percent versus a lot of funds with much more. But the paradox is that, as I'm sure you can see from the volatility of the slide, is that unfortunately we have a combination of very happy investors and other investors who are questioning us as to why that is right. The reality is, and that's also part of the frustration that we have, and I personally wanted to address just for a second, is the fact that we are not a Bitcoin fund, right? And investors, as I'm sure we have a lot of understanding for that because not all investors look at this asset class the way we look at it, right? We spent hours and hours and hours looking at all the assets from Bitcoin all the way down to the smallest altcoins, right? And the reality is that there is an expectation for people, for fund managers to beat Bitcoin the way you would have an expectation of somebody going long an equity fund to beat the MSCI, right? The reality is over the last years, this was extremely, extremely difficult to do. And although it was unfortunate for people to come in in 21, 22, which was literally the worst timing to get into the fund, not only from a market perspective, but also with regards to the FTX event we had also from a NOIA perspective. But what I'm trying to say is that aside of that aspect, the performance we've managed to have ever since the FTX event has just been, as per our book, just stellar compared to our peers, compared to other funds that we look and that we see, that we see in the market, being able to overperform BTC in 2023. And while BTC was by far the best performing asset, and by still achieving 100 percent plus performance in 24, even if BTC was at 130, we see this as a major achievement still because we do provide a diversified exposure. Now, in hindsight, it's easy to say maybe it should have just been long BTC and it would have been made such a big difference. But there's a lot of different advantages that come with NOIA, right? And I want to add that you don't need to just trust us on this. There was a fund of fund out of Hong Kong that allocates to crypto hedge funds, and they had 53 funds in their portfolio that they were following and tracking. And then they were selecting which ones they were selected. They found us. They came to Dubai to visit us. And they told us amongst the 53 funds that they are tracking were the best performing fund, basically. And I'm not saying that to tap on our backs, etc. I'm really just saying it's a third party reference that said that does this for a living to allocate to digital asset funds basically. I just wanted to say from a volatility perspective, this didn't make it easy on us from an expectation perspective as well, right? And so I really encourage all our investors to really look at the underlying assets and the strategy as a more diversified strategy which will give, I'm convinced of that, which gives a lot of optionality to our investors through all the long tail of smaller stakes that we have in liquid portfolio as well as our both token and equity stakes that we have in the venture portfolio, which in a good environment, we are sure will overperform. Right. So I just wanted to share that because I know that obviously people come in with very different stories with regards to digital. Of course. Thank you. OK, so just briefly on what's next on this asset class. So the way I want you guys to think of this, because that's how we think about this, is that all the technology has been laid out, all the groundwork has been done, all the pipes are established and now people are building on those on those layers, on that infrastructure that has been built out. As you guys might have followed, I don't know how close you are. There is things that there is this phenomenon called DeFi, where people are basically swapping tokens on a decentralized basis, one token to another. It basically means someone provides the liquidity, someone else has just written the software and there is no third party. You're basically just doing it in a decentralized manner. So far, you're like thinking, OK, what's this? Like, what's the point of this? OK, I can swap this token to that token, but all the tokens are just utility tokens. They don't really give me any real understanding of what I now own. But think of what this guy is saying, right? He's the chairman and CEO of BlackRock, Larry Fink. I'm sure many of you have heard of him. He basically says they believe we believe the next step going forward will be the tokenization of financial assets. And that means every stock, every bond will have its own basically conducive, they will be on a general ledger. So this is what we believe will happen now. What we'll be able to do is Jerome will be able to swap his stake in a private company in a Mexican oil driller. As an example, with Antoine's stake, who has a real estate development in Luxembourg, basically, you could now be able to swap those on the token with the market for both with evaluations and hope you go within a few minutes. All of a sudden, he owns the driller in Mexico and he owns the real estate portfolio in Luxembourg. This is the real innovation. This is what's going to happen with real world assets on chain and tokenization. And that's really the world that we will enter now with every stock and every bond will be on the block chain. Everything will trade 24 seven like Bitcoin already does. There will be no opening auctions, no closing auctions. The whole world, the financialization of everything. Basically, we are deep believers that that's going to be next. And with the headwinds that we have now, that sorry, the tailwinds that we have now from the headwinds, this will just happen faster, we believe, in the future. And that has certain conclusions that brings to it. If you now think of the Internet adoption and where where where this should take us in terms of the Bitcoin price and you do the same just for gold, I mean, you can do these exercises in multiple ways. This is just an example. I just going to I'm just going to go into this one right now. I showed you before. Our goal is 22 trillion market cap. If what I predicted not predicted, but I said it could happen, is that the US does go and sell some of its gold to buy Bitcoin, then all of a sudden, if the market decides that this is the new gold, meaning the digital gold, then you have a 10x, 13x in front of you just from Bitcoin going into gold. So I'll hand over to Nico just to talk about the venture portfolio. Thank you. Yeah, so quickly. So now let's double click on the venture portfolio. So so far on the digital asset side, so we have built a portfolio of roughly 20, 20 assets. So this goes from private token investments to direct equity stakes in companies. So and as Jerome just mentioned as well. So we we we got caught in FTX. So that's unfortunately. And we what we did as well is we tried as a team to understand, OK, what was the impact for us as a fund, but as well, how could we turn this event as an opportunity for the firm? So that's when we back then I remember exactly more saying that's that's this ring a bell. I remember back, back post financial global financial crisis, we were buying Lehman claims. So I think we should go out and buy FTX claims, so which we did. So so so we managed to buy to buy some and exit some of them. So that's something that happened in the venture portfolio during 2024. Another key event for us was one of our equity portfolio company, Komaeno, which is a European based institution, and raised quite a big check. So seventy five million dollars from one of the large players in the space, Blockstream. So at valuation two times higher than what we invested. So that was good news for us. Of course, not everything is always rosy. So some of our portfolio companies struggle more than others. This is early stage investing. So we are going to make wrong bets, of course. So like Ariane and Mangrove had to restructure and of last year to improve the runway. And we have in December as well had some discussions with owners, which is actually our first venture investment that the management decided to liquidate the asset, the company and sell all the assets and return the what is left to the investors. So that's what happened basically in the portfolio perspective. So from an investment perspective, so we've been been active. So as you can see, different names at the bottom of the slide. So we sum the majority of these investments are new investments, new add ons. We one is a follow on investments. So Estia, so Alex, we have the chance to have the CEO of Estia, Alexandre, joining us and just sitting here. So he will explain what Estia does. So that's one of our strong conviction in our portfolio. We strongly believe this company can become a unicorn. So I hope Alex will convince you about it. So, yeah, other other other other companies in the portfolio. An interesting one is Kelp, which is a liquid restate restaking protocol. So I'm sure you guys know Ethereum. So Ethereum is a protocol where all the participants can stake. So allocate their Ethereum to secure the network. So but when you stake the Ethereum, it is locked. So you cannot use it as either collateral or move it. So that company has developed a technology that allows you to get liquidity on that Ethereum while while generating a yield. So the angle here for us was to to invest in the project first and as well to allocate Noya Capital's Ethereum to get yield on top of it. So we are participating, participating, participating both as an investor, but as well as a contributor on chain to the protocol. So that's one. One football is another one. So a good friend of Manfred is invested in that company. It's a German football media company providing news, live scores and streaming services. So that company is was more a Web2 type player and they wanted to move on chain, bring blockchain features internally. So they decided to to to organize a strategic race on board more crypto type funds. So that's when we came in with the idea of launching a token. So we have we know we have upcoming liquidity. So in that investment. So that's that's another example. We also have the chance to so in December we invested in Ultra. So we have also the chance we invited the CEO Gus, who is here and will explain what they do. But in a nutshell, Ultra is one of the leading European gaming companies that has been there for quite some time already. So the company has been, you know, developing and investing quite a lot of money in the technology. But they were struggling really trying to monetize exactly what they had built. So that's when the founders came and found Gus to try to revive the company and really accelerate and adoption and monetize. So Gus is Belgian. So he said, I don't know that much about crypto. You reach out to us through a connection. And so that's how that's what I'm explaining here is trying to give you more color on the angles of why we do these investments. Right. So there is always a good reason. And as we mentioned early on, so we always ask ourselves, why is this a good company, is this a good asset and why is it on our table and why should we invest? Right. So we want to have and be able to add value to any of the companies. You guys can see in the portfolio. So what's what's what's coming? So in 2025, so the market has been pretty difficult over the last two years, so lots of our portfolio companies couldn't launch their tokens. So now we are expecting four of them to launch the tokens within the next, let's say, six months. So that's good news. So on the downside, so Pookie was an investment we did early last year. So the company decided to go out of business. So they had a user base where monetizing the user base, but we're struggling to get significant enough traction. And so the founders decided to stop. So that's in a nutshell what happened in the venture portfolio. So we are really excited and continue to see a lot of quality companies. So the thing is, and that's something we want to emphasize as well as the digital asset fund as a hybrid structure. So we have the capital sitting in liquid assets. So we, unlike traditional closed end funds, we are not obliged to allocate capital. We don't have an investment period, which is really comfortable for us. So we really allocate capital opportunistically when we really see a fit. And so that's that's so that's what that's important as well to to to highlight. So what are the key takeaways on the digital asset side? So, as I think Mo mentioned, and Bitcoin is on our radar and is in the portfolio and will continue to stay in the portfolio. It also has been the best performing asset over the last year, three year, five year and ten year investment period. So Noya, as Jero mentioned as well, is there to provide investors a diversified exposure. We're not a Bitcoin fund, but what we will you guys will find in Noya as cited here as a fourth point is embedded optionality. So and this is today not yet reflected in the portfolio because the majority of these venture bets, we have made them as from twenty twenty two. So twenty one, twenty two. So it takes time to materialize, of course. That's one. And as well, you can find as well optionality, as Mohamed mentioned, in the liquid portfolio where we try to have what we call internally moon bags, so really small allocations to potentially ten, twenty X returns. So and and finally, as as Mohamed mentioned as well, so we know the model works. We have done this for almost five years now. We have built a significant network within the space. We collaborate a lot with other crypto funds. So that's our main source of deal flow on the venture side. So we used to co invest a lot with these funds. And so then and that's so I mean, we are convinced we have the right team to execute and continue delivering these kind of performances.