 So I have the difficult task of finishing off with our last one. So I hope you still have a little bit of energy. I'm going to try initially we had half an hour planned for this. I'm going to try to do it in 15. It is an important aspect of Neuja. This is our private equity, private transactions, direct deals, mostly into early stage businesses So I'll skip this and I'll just go right straight into what direct deals is for us in a nutshell. So it's a portfolio of roughly 15 companies that we have here on the right. They have nothing to do with blockchain or at least maybe two of them have because we invested both through our DA fund and as direct deals. This tip kit size is roughly one to 20 million and on average we've spent just above four million per investment. Most of that again is Neuja Capital's managers money for roughly 80% or so I guess. And our sweet entry point is around the 50 million mark. What's particular about this is that we started investing in 2019 but we've been holding on average our stakes of this 15 company portfolio. We've been holding them for two and a half years but during those two and a half years we've had enough follow-on rounds and exits to mark up the value of our equity by basically 3x. With 3x the value of the portfolio, only on liquidity events with new lead investors coming in and marking up the value of the equity. This is not a fair valuation exercise. This is serious people coming in with serious money and taking over lead to mark up the value of the equity we invested in on average two years ago. This has been a major achievement I think that's been obtained basically by benefiting from this environment. I think the 2022 valuation reset I think combined with the technology disruption has generated a lot of idiosyncratic opportunities and these are mostly people having to sell out of an asset, people running unprofitable for too long and funding going dry on them and therefore they had to completely reorganize, reshape the company. Disaligned incentives, cap table issues, shareholders wanting liquidity to get out of their positions, merger and acquisition plays of distressed companies. All of these opportunities have only been generated because funding has gone dry from the moment interest rates went up and from the moment multiples contracted massively. So you have to understand in 2021 on early stage investment this was pure speculation. People were paying for 50 million valuation for growth plays with very limited revenues just because they liked the deck and the idea overall. Everything has been reset from there and the entire funding process for companies like these has been completely changed and that's where we came in. That's where we have deliberately decided to allocate more capital into these mostly in companies which are overlooked by traditional VCs or for deals that are a bit too complex to execute for family offices. So we have a very specific approach to this. You are more familiar for private investments with traditional VCs or growth players. You're going to commit capital to a manager. That manager is going to have his investment period. He's going to hold the assets for three, four, five years and then hopefully down the line in six to seven years the first liquidity will come out of it out of the first exit and by year 10 you might be entirely out of your investment. Traditional VC, all good. Nothing major to say about this. Nothing major negatively to say about this. Quite the contrary. We however have decided to go for a very different approach. What we think we're good at is going for complex transactions where the deal structure in itself adds a lot of value on top of the business value. We believe there is a context where we can come in and by shifting an asset, selling one, merging it with another, this and that, by looking at the structure of a transaction we can build additional value to the actual underlying value of the business. We do so with no sector's constraints. We're completely sector agnostic. We're timing agnostic. We don't want to have to deploy our capital and that's an unfortunate reality a lot of private closed end funds are confronted with is they have their second vintage, they have three year investment period and then they basically need to raise another one and do it all over again which means that they are constrained, they are forced to invest 60, 70, 80% of their committed capital in a matter of two to three years on tech VC funds which is extremely short. The chances of getting all of these on a recurring basis are very low. We decided we don't want to come in on a typical A to B round or C to A or B to C. That's not at all what we want to do because you end up in a very competitive environment. You're competing, the entrepreneur rightfully so will put you into competition with 50 other VC funds and basically what happens is you then max out the multiple you pay for the business and the valuation you end up conceding on. Most of the deals we look at, I would say probably half of them, we're probably the only investor looking at it. It's a key differentiator. It's a very, very different approach because of this special situation aspect related to the transaction. On top of that, we don't want to have any obligation. If we don't see a deal we like in a year, that's fine. We just keep investing on the other aspects of Noya we like and then at some point like in 2023 things will accelerate and that's when in a matter of 15 months we'll deploy into nine different transactions because the market is where it is and we see a lot of value. It's a very different approach. Also we're quite liquidity oriented in the sense that every time we structure a transaction we like to look at it in a way where we see a route to short term liquidity. We're going to take the liquidity if we're going to try to take the liquidity not to exit the company per se but just in order to de-risk our stakes because in some of them we're going to be highly concentrated. But that's a very different aspect as well. Coming from the liquid markets like we've demonstrated in our previous products, we understand the value of liquid markets. We understand at which rate your capital can compound and the snowball effect we were mentioning. And we therefore also understand the cost of liquidity. Being stuck with a manager on one specific strategy for 10 years plus from vintage to vintage is something we personally are a bit less comfortable with because the world is changing too fast. The reality is what's true today you don't know whether it's going to be true to three years. AI in itself is disrupting so many businesses that people have funded in the last five years believing that this would be a smooth ride. And then suddenly you've got this technological disruption which basically breaks entire business cases of companies that were well funded and from one day to another they're disrupted. So we think we need to be agile to stay in the market and just follow convictions. It's what we call entrepreneurial investment in entrepreneurs. This is very typical to what we try to do at Noya. So I was going to skip this one but maybe just again emphasizing the complex place. A carve out a bridge recapitalization and M&A play. We did a deal last year or last year. We basically took one company we had. We merged it. We bought control over two other entities and created the fourth entity in the US. And we basically combined all of those under one umbrella which we call gang group. And this is typically a transaction that no VC fund or no family office would do. It's too early stage, too risky. But this being said if you come in at the right metrics and if you manage to get some synergies done right and if you buy the companies at the right valuation and we spend a lot of time making sure our entry points are right, this is where you have exponential value creation. So just to give you a bit of an overview of the portfolio. So this is a portfolio roughly worth 160 million. We basically 3X that portfolio like I said. Most of these companies and our biggest stakes are all the way down from here. You heard, Kamai knew, Hestia. These are the biggest stakes and all of them have been done within that complex environment, the 2022-2023 environment. So marking up the value on equity 3X in a matter of two years I think is a major achievement for us. In parallel we've exited two businesses. So Skyla was a bit of a…we've held the stake for quite a while. Was exited at 7X. This one here we invested in 2023, put about 1.5 million into the company, came in at 5 million valuation, sold it 18 months later at roughly 20 million to a strategic. Would have been nice to keep the ride going because we really like this company. But obviously at some point we need to again, if the valuation and the metrics are right we have to go for it. A few notable events. I think Kamai knew, we've already mentioned, raised 75 million Series B. Applied AI raised the biggest Series A in just a couple months ago, raised 55 million. And then like I said, Gang. So we have also, we have one company which is down, which is called Marley Spoon. Just a word on that because I think it's an interesting, again it's an interesting use case for you to understand what we're trying to achieve at direct deals. Marley Spoon is, call it the little brother of HelloFresh, right? You know HelloFresh is the, those are the green cars you see driving around delivering people in their homes for them to make their life easier from a recipe cooking perspective. Marley Spoon is the little brother. They're doing 500 million revenues. HelloFresh is doing 7 billion revenues, right? Also German based company. We looked at this asset because it was listed, it was listed in Australia. And when we invested with Union Square Ventures in the US, which is a San Francisco based very well known venture, a venture fund to hand in hand with 468 Capital, who are a leading VC fund out of Germany based in Berlin. And they basically came to us and said, guys, not a lot of people want to look at this transaction, at this transaction. But what we're trying to do here is we want to delist, so buy, take over the company which was listed in Australia, delisted there, get it back to Germany, merge it with a spec in Germany and relisted on the Frankfurt Exchange. All of that happened. So we've done this in 2023. All of that happened in a matter of six months. Unfortunately for us, timing was awful from a market perspective and the stock was disregarded as many other small caps. No need to mention it. I think we've gone through that a lot, right? The reality is we're quite hopeful now that the situation will change quite dramatically. But although we're down on this investment, we still feel like it's quite representative of what we're trying to achieve and it still has massive upside potential for us going forward. So just let me dig into just three or four use cases again to give you more color about the type of transactions that we're doing here. This is our biggest investment, right? We usually don't disclose the investment but we've put in more than 20 million dollars straight into this company. We didn't have a chance to go out to the market. We had two days to close this due to a very special situation and we therefore had to do it with our own funding, right? What this does is this is a technology that was developed by a very famous VC company called Improbable in the UK, which was very well funded by Softbank and Andres and Horowitz. So they got one billion in funding and the reality is when 2022 hit, they had to refocus like all the other companies. Everybody was looking at profitability. You need to get profitable if you want to raise funding and they were burning insane amounts of money. They went from, this is a startup in the UK in the metaverse and multiplayer gaming industry. They went from one employee to 4,500 employees in a matter of four to five years. Just accelerated with this massive funding, right? They're now at 150 employees, right? This is one of these amazing stories that you should make Netflix series on. Where do we come in? These guys had developed, as part of their core technology, they had developed Skywell technology which does advanced modeling and simulation for, at first it started off with defense. So this is, they were helping MOD and national security agencies in the UK to help develop a national, critical national infrastructure simulations to understand how the UK needed to take into account potential threats to the security of its people. Second, military planning for the army in general. Anything related to digitizing very complex data driven environments and running advanced scalable fast simulations on those to facilitate decision making is what this is all about. So when these guys, improbable, when they're running into some issues, they made their board said you focus on metaverse, you focus on metaverse, you focus on multiplayer. This defense thing is burning too much money, we're not going to make, we don't have long term visibility on it. You basically need to let go of this asset, right? They put it up for sale, a lot of strategic investors come in, valuations around 100, 120 million are being discussed and unfortunately for improbable, the reality is they didn't really carve out that specific activity. So now they need to get rid of a strategic asset to strategic players but with the tech, the people and the contracts completely mixed up with the rest of the business making this transaction completely impossible from a strategic perspective, right? Especially at those valuations. Long story short, five months later we hear about the process and our partner Nick Blair who is the son of Tony Blair who was involved into this and he is the only other shareholder with us on the cap table calls me and says, Jerome, you need to come to London, we need to discuss this. They were letting go of 200 people and dropping the contracts with the Ministry of Defense and we basically said, guys, you're not going to take that, we are happy to take the carve out risk because typically this is a complex transaction, we're happy to put our hands on and we're going to do this transaction. So we basically picked it up at an extreme discount with a high risk of transition and carve out but basically made it in 2023. End of 2023 we carved it out and then shifted from military use only to dual use and has now started selling this technology for government and corporate applications. We're selling this mostly as smart cities, traffic modeling and infrastructure, telco and oil industries. So if somebody wants to spend billions in capex, they would want to be able to simulate their investment in order for them to make the best decisions in terms of how they will spend the money and where they will spend the money. So the biggest contract we won last year is for example for Bali, Bali subway system. So Bali has awarded a major $20 billion program to a local partner we have there and they are here to develop the subway system in Bali. Major major infrastructure project. So these guys call us and they say we need the digital twin of Bali and we need you to tell us where we're going to put the stations and what the actual impact will be on the populations, mobility, traffic and productivity gains. Now fast forward to just now, we are I think today or tomorrow we are finalizing a 20 million round into this company at a 100 million valuation, marking up the value of our equity of roughly 5x in a matter of again one year. So our road now is very clear. We're now talking to I would say 15 plus countries in the world to develop smart cities from Jeddah to Dubai to Abu Dhabi to Ulaanbaatar in Mongolia which we just signed last week alongside our defense business and all these contracts given how much money people are spending there all come at roughly anywhere between 5 and 15 million annual recurring per contract per city. So that gives you a bit of an idea of how much acceleration is possible from there on top of our defense business. So I took a bit more time but I think it's really I wanted to really emphasize this one because this is it sits at the core of our portfolio. We are five minutes over. We had promised 530. We're five minutes over but we won't be more than five or ten minutes. So hopefully for everybody's patience. Yeah everybody is welcome to leave anytime. Exactly. So ICO is another one smaller ticket we put in 2.5. The interesting aspect of ICO is that we saw this as a secondary sale. They had secured this is a Abu Dhabi based UAE based AI company. They basically automate workflows, paper workflows. Think of insurance, health care, any paper workflows which are a pain in the butt for everybody to handle. They basically record and put that process into their solution called Opus and it will automate, digitize and find the quickest, most productive route to how to manage that specific workflow. This was funded by G42. It has a stellar cap table. By the way they're funded by G42, major institutional player in the UAE, Bessemer in the U.S., Palantir. This is the only VC investment that Palantir made and we were lucky enough to come in before they did. The other aspect of why this transaction was interesting for us is that it came out with a lot of optionality. We were looking at paper which was a convertible note which came in at the same terms as G42 but they had structured the note so that people could invest in milestones based on the progress made on the business. So we came in one year later after G42 and had the chance to come in at the same terms while having full visibility on what had happened the first year. They had tripled the business by then. So obviously we took it and we also kept the optionality for the second charge, the additional 1.25 million which we put in three months ago right before we knew that they were securing a 350 million valuation for the Series A round which came in at 55 million injection. So we were paying for a 100 million valuation cap and literally three weeks later there was a markup of 3.5x on that investment. This is also very interesting because this is one of the first cohorts of companies that are now coming out of the Middle East that are from the beginning global businesses with offices in San Francisco and Berlin. So these guys have more than 100 people sitting in San Francisco and Berlin but actually are an Abu Dhabi headquartered company. So this is also a new phenomenon that is emerging and because of the tax efficiency of the region as well and the ability to attract talent and it was something that came on our radar and we didn't miss it basically. Next one is actually... We have two more but I'll just focus on that one and then we'll leave it at that. But this one I think is also interesting because this is one where we've been quite active for the past three, four years. We came in as a very minority investor into Complidata, a Brussels based company, focusing on financial crime and compliance for banks, mostly doing transaction monitoring. When you have a transaction into a bank, what it does is it generates alerts if the sender or country or this or that has to be checked by compliance and that triggers an insane amount of work within banks to make sure that all of this is being cleared out by compliance. Now we didn't go into this because of that. We went into it, had a look, tried to help out and then basically saw a path to use and leverage that know-how to do something completely different. We switched it to a trade finance solution. We completely pivoted the company while funding its development and growing our stake which started off from 1% and we grew it to 65% and therefore now have full control over the company and could therefore also facilitate the pivot. We went out, had hunted, Ben Arbor is the ex-CEO of trade finance in North America which is the biggest market for trade finance overall and he had the top role for that market for HSBC which is the biggest trade finance bank in the world. So we went on and told him about what we were trying to do, got him on board and we're now running a full SaaS solution where we're automating and digitizing the entire process of trade finance checks. When somebody sends a container from one country to the other, the bank needs to clear the transaction, needs to clear the content, needs to check sanctions, there's a whole lot of checks that people need to do, all a very ancient paper-driven process, a bit like ICO where we come in to basically automate that massively. We're now close to what we feel is close to contracting with 15 global banks. So we have, we're talking, we are already contracted with ABN Amro, with Crilis Suisse, with some minor banks and are now looking to develop a relationship with NatWest, HSBC, UBS, Wells Fargo, any major bank active in trade finance including HSBC for which we theoretically, the savings we're trying to achieve for them is roughly by reducing 30% of, by gaining 30% of productivity gains on this company, this would result in roughly 70 to 80 million dollars of savings for the bank annually. I think there is a chance that there is an NSPV round on this one in the next few months, remind me. Yes, so this one will go to funding in the coming days, literally. We're waiting for two additional mandates to come in and then we'll go out. It will probably be mostly VC funds, but we'll have an allocation secured and we might set up an NSPV for that as well. So I think this one I've already told you, this is the exit we did, also Dubai-based company where we basically 5x the money and got out of it. It would have been nice to add this one to the other company we had, Gang, which is the merger of the four entities, but we basically got out of it anyhow. So just a few takeaways like we've done previously. So we think this is a very attractive set of four early stage private opportunities and more specifically for these special situations. Complex situation is really our focus in building value through the business and through the structure of the transaction. And I think we've made it clear that we have a bit of a differentiated approach and we look at private investments differently than traditional VC funds. And again, no need to mention where we are in terms of the performance and the successful exits and multiple follow-ons we have. Thank you.